Adobe Systems Incorporated Electronic End User License Agreement

NOTICE TO USER: THIS IS A CONTRACT. BY INDICATING YOUR ACCEPTANCE BELOW, YOU
ACCEPT ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. 

This Adobe Systems Incorporated ("Adobe") End User License Agreement
accompanies an Adobe software product and related explanatory written
materials ("Software"). The term "Software" shall also include any
upgrades, modified versions or updates of the Software licensed to you
by Adobe. This copy of the Software is licensed to you as the end
user. You must read this Agreement carefully before indicating
acceptance at the end of the text of this Agreement.  If you do not
agree with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, decline where
instructed during installation, and you will not be able to use the
Software. Adobe grants to you a nonexclusive license to use the
Software, provided that you agree to the following:

DURING INSTALLATION, YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ACCEPT OR DECLINE THIS
AGREEMENT. IF YOU DECLINE, YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO USE THE SOFTWARE.

1. Use of the Software.

You may install the Software in a single location on a hard disk or
other storage device; install and use the Software on a file server
for use on a network for the purpose of permanent installation onto
hard disks or other storage devices or use of the Software over such
network; and make backup copies of the Software. You may make
unlimited copies of the Software and give copies to other persons or
entities as long as the copies contain this Agreement and the same
copyright and other proprietary notices that appear on or in the
Software.

2. Copyright.

The Software is owned by Adobe and its suppliers, and its structure,
organization and code are the valuable trade secrets of Adobe and its
suppliers.  The Software is also protected by United States Copyright
Law and International Treaty provisions. You agree not to modify,
adapt, translate, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or
otherwise attempt to discover the source code of the Software. You may
use trademarks only to identify printed output produced by the
Software, in accordance with accepted trademark practice, including
identification of trademark owner's name. Such use of any trademark
does not give you any rights of ownership in that trademark. Except as
stated above, this Agreement does not grant you any intellectual
property rights in the Software.

3. Transfer.

You may not rent, lease, or sublicense the Software. You may, however,
transfer all your rights to use the Software to another person or
entity, provided that you transfer this Agreement with the Software.

4. No Warranty.

The Software is being delivered to you AS IS and Adobe makes no
warranty as to its use or performance. ADOBE AND ITS SUPPLIERS DO NOT
AND CANNOT WARRANT THE PERFORMANCE OR RESULTS YOU MAY OBTAIN BY USING
THE SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION.  ADOBE AND ITS SUPPLIERS MAKE NO
WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY
RIGHTS, MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO
EVENT WILL ADOBE OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY
CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL OR SPECIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY LOST
PROFITS OR LOST SAVINGS, EVEN IF AN ADOBE REPRESENTATIVE HAS BEEN
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, OR FOR ANY CLAIM BY ANY
THIRD PARTY. Some states or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion
or limitation of incidental, consequential or special damages, or the
exclusion of implied warranties or limitations on how long an implied
warranty may last, so the above limitations may not apply to you.

5. Governing Law and General Provisions.

This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of California
U.S.A., excluding the application of its conflicts of law rules. This
Agreement will not be governed by the United Nations Convention on
Contracts for the International Sale of Goods, the application of
which is expressly excluded. If any part of this Agreement is found
void and unenforceable, it will not affect the validity of the balance
of the Agreement, which shall remain valid and enforceable according
to its terms. You agree that the Software will not be shipped,
transferred or exported into any country or used in any manner
prohibited by the United States Export Administration Act or any other
export laws, restrictions or regulations. This Agreement shall
automatically terminate upon failure by you to comply with its terms.
This Agreement may only be modified in writing signed by an authorized
officer of Adobe.

6. Notice to Government End Users.

If this product is acquired under the terms of a: GSA contract- Use,
reproduction or disclosure is subject to the restrictions set forth in
the applicable ADP Schedule contract; DoD contract- Use, duplication
or disclosure by the Government is subject to restrictions as set
forth in subparagraph (c) (1) (ii) of 252.227-7013; Civilian agency
contract- Use, reproduction, or disclosure is subject to 52.227-19 (a)
through (d) and restrictions set forth in the accompanying end user
agreement. Unpublished-rights reserved under the copyright laws of the
United States. Adobe Systems Incorporated, 1585 Charleston Road, P.O.
Box 7900, Mountain View, CA 94039-7900.Adobe is a trademark of Adobe
Systems Incorporated which may be registered in certain jurisdictions.

Please indicate your acceptance or decline of the foregoing Agreement by
clicking on the appropriate box during installation. 

Adobe, Acrobat, and Adobe Type Manager are trademarks of Adobe
Systems, Incorporated and may be registered in certain jusridictions.
(c) 1983-1994 Adobe Systems Incorporated. All rights reserved.
